c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll.config
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.pdb
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.pdb
c:\users\kannapiranc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll.config
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\ItsMyBlog.Client.pdb
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.dll
E:\Projects\ItsMyBlog\ItsMyBlog.Client\obj\Debug\ItsMyBlog.Client.pdb
